how's it going good how are you I'm
doing well
thank you boys you're are you ready for
Valentine's Day I'm something I'm ready
yeah I'm ready yeah are you one of those
guys who plans it in advance oh yeah oh
yeah yeah I got it to you you yeah I do
know it's funny I've learned my lesson
you have you yeah they're in the hard
way yeah yeah I have yeah those CBS runs
at local have a clock and all those sad
guys picking out glitter I feel bad for
someone in somewhere in America is a man
watching right now he's so full of
anxiety cuz he just now realized it's
Valentine's Day tomorrow I'm sorry if
he's lucky he realized it now I mean you
got to be ready so okay what are you
ready with what's the plan oh man um
well you got it okay here's the deal
guys you gotta go flowers you first sure
but the classy move is you got to go
flowers for yourself you got to go
flowers for your mom and you go flowers
for her mom excellent that's the move
and in here and then but here's the
thing you're gonna screw this up more
than once you're gonna forget an
anniversary you're gonna forget a
Valentine's Day so what you do is you
you set yourself up by periodically
giving just just because flowers oh
you're right here's a bouquet of flowers
just because ah you know and or just so
it doesn't flowers or it can be
expensive it could be just a little card
a little note learn her love language so
then when you've neva tably forgets
that's nice it's an insurance policy it
is it's insurance oh now I do this too
with my mother and my mother-in-law I
will send them flowers right well but I
worry sometimes that if my dad forgets
to get flowers he's doomed because I
sent them and then if God forbid you
know my mother-in-law's husband forgets
the sunflowers he's in a world of
trouble because of me
but that's really on him I guess yeah
it's a dog-eat-dog rocket dog world
Valentine's now boy I'm out no yeah
that's that's something to think about
that's something to think this is your
Valentine's Day with your bride as man
and and wife so yeah yeah I gotta
deliver but I also knew that I was gonna
be basically working through this whole
weekend promoting the movie and so we we
celebrated our Valentine's Day last
weekend oh you did yeah oh that's good
that's always better
easier to get a dinner reservation at
all everything is young here yeah yeah
completely but there I did get her a
little something oh you did yeah it for
tomorrow for tomorrow oh man now the
surprises I guess ruined oh she doesn't
watch oh she don't secret safe here when
do you start shooting Jurassic world the
next one very soon very soon a minute
yeah we're gearing up we're getting
ready to go here very very how do you
get ready for that you starve you
started yeah yeah I have to starve why
do you have to starve well cuz I have to
pull out to put myself under on a really
strict code cuz I'm 40 now so if I eat
like I don't know a starburst I gain
like 15 pounds and our Lord can eat
a-starboard no no no you know there's no
such thing as dinosaurs anymore they
make those come out of nowhere can't
they do that with your body I mean can't
they just CGI you why would you even
burden yourself with this you know what
I'm saying if there could be a team yes
I know what you say oh my god you didn't
think of that did ya
yeah yeah maybe it's something to talk
to your agent about her first real
burger something like that yeah is it
pumping a lot of money into the thing
I'm not running from
dial this into I think they can I think
we solved a lot of I think you need a
lot of candies my Universal a lot of
money on Parks and Recreation it was
though was it were you encouraged to be
pudgy on that shows almost that was yeah
thank you I was I remember I remember in
the first couple of seasons just
unintentionally I had gotten a little
fat and I was watching the episodes it's
like Oh God
Chris you've really let yourself go and
then I was like but this is some of the
funniest stuff you've ever done and I
went to the mic sure our Creator and I
said I want to gain like another 30 40
pounds yeah and then it became a
challenge everyone wanted to see
everyone wanted to see how much I could
eat I was constantly I remember a scene
this is funny oh it's funny there was
this a restaurant in Parks and Rec
called the Jurassic fork right oddly and
that was where we would go to eat and
they gave us you know dinosaur sized
portions and so I didn't have anything
to say in the scene so inevitably I
wanted to try to get some screen time so
I decided I would eat one rack of ribs
per take and if the camera happened to
catch me I would absolutely be just
inhaling ribs the whole rack the whole
rack like 12 of them yep I went through
12 takes I went through 12 racks of ribs
which is the equivalent of six pigs yes
I dined on the ribs of six different
pigs and every time never after every
take nick offerman whose laughs is like
this
so if I can make him laugh it's that it
tickles me to no end and so I knew it
was making Nick laughs I was making
myself sick but I had 12 racks of ribs
and then at lunch because our catering
company was creating the ribs they
cooked ribs and at lunch i sat down with
another four racks of ribs maybe three
and a half years off your life yeah the
years I saved up my life are the boring
ones we are gonna do we're gonna do
something a little bit different tonight
great we thought it might be fun to open
the interview up to the audience I have
a little bit of a Q&A it's not because
there are a lot of people who have
questions for you and okay well that guy
right there
oh look at that all right okay hi there
hi I know you've worked a lot with
Dinosaurs I was wondering could you tell
me what a velociraptor smells like my
guess is that it's chicken mmm
okay well I mean that the the dinosaurs
in Jurassic world are all CGI yeah so so
you don't know thanks a lot okay I'm
sorry about that I don't know do we have
another quick okay yes oh there you know
right here hi there what's your name hi
I'm Donna I think you're so talented
oh thank you I just think you're super
you know um and you're so handsome too
um I I was just wondering what was your
inspiration for the song hip to be
square
[Applause]
Donna do you think that I'm Huey Lewis
no III believe he's he's the next guest
yeah okay is he gonna be here soon yeah
yeah he will be he'll be here next did
you have a question for a Chris Pratt I
don't know okay all right I'm I was
expecting this yes okay this gentleman
right here this young man right here
what's it
I don't people like this segment I guess
that's a good question what is your name
sir hi my name is Tom by the way okay hi
Chris Pratt I have I have a question for
mr. Chris Pratt yes I'm go right at so
so my question for you is of all the
actors in the world of all of the actors
who who is who is your favorite actor
these are people you worked with you're
talking about just anyone okay all of
them all the actors in the world go
ahead
Denzel Denzel Washington yeah yeah I'm
sorry okay yes cool like Denzel - I'm
okay how do i okay what about how about
an actor whose name begins with Tom Oh
how about that Tom Cruise he's great
he's good for you again what if his
second name began with an H Tom H oh
thanks beautiful day in the neighborhood
yeah that was good till it's good yeah
real good he's British
oh he's British no he's no mate British
come on we know no oh I see where this
is going
okay we've got him now Tom Hardy he
played Bentham yeah it was very you was
great warrior great movie yeah okay it
can answer your question
try young guy but still with the still
with the Tom eight you still with the
Tom H oh wow
Hiddleston oh yeah
this Huey Lewis is going to be did you
want to come to join us
why didn't love to come up when he's I'm
alright eh you caught me right
[Music]
just straight ahead
[Applause]
boy that's a good movie this is another
I mean it's kind of it's sad at times
have you guys seen the whole movie yet I
haven't you have not that's like
everything haven't told me anything ever
tell you they don't trust you I guess
they don't it is ya know I'll see you at
the premiere though so I'll be crying
with everyone else you'll be crying so
yeah did you cry when you saw Chris yeah
it was it was it's it's very moving I
mean the original story dan scanlon our
director it's very personal and so
creative as a young man dan and his
brother they lost their father and Dan
found some audio tapes that apparently
had his father's voice he'd only ever
seen a picture of his father but he
didn't know what his father sounded like
cuz he never met him having died before
he was born and so he went through the
audio tapes pored through them and
finally found his father's voice and his
father simply said hello and goodbye
those are the two words that his father
said cor already crying yeah comedy it's
it's it's and so that story is really
the the genesis of these two brothers
who go on this magical quest in a
fantasy world to seek out the father
they never found and and and to go on a
quest to bring him back for one day and
so it's written by the director who went
through with this with his brother
what's so moving to me is that his
brother did not know what this movie was
about and he it's essentially a love
letter to his older brother and Wow he
showed the movie to his brother I mean
it's just it's truly incredible I mean
it's it chokes me up just thinking about
it but it's it's very emotional but just
like an up or or really any of the Pixar
movies and that the tone is in the title
and in this in Disney's Pixar it does
make you laugh it does move you it as an
adventure edge-of-your-seat a lot of
it's a lot of action it's beautiful but
it's it is emotional and you guys are
brothers in the movie dude right ape
together a couple times yeah yeah do you
feel like you are brothers absolutely it
feels like any both have brothers
Chris you have an older brother right
yeah I've got an older brother collie
I've been oldest in a sister Angie and
Tom has two younger brothers who is
something is always going on with those
two characters are they with you here
tonight then no actually I mentioned to
LA by myself this you did I'm really
upset are they destroying your house
back home yeah it's actually their
birthday tomorrow so probably cuz
they're twins
what are you on now and it's their 21st
birthday tomorrow Wow and I'm out the
house I might come home and it's been
burnt to the ground Valentine's babies
which is great for them because
Valentine's Day is now their day yeah
sure for now about that well now you
what are you expected to as a big movie
star now to get your two younger
brothers for their 21st twin birthday
go ahead what did I get them mm-hmm I
bought my brother Sam a piano uh-huh
because he loves playing the piano great
and I bought my brother Harry a Rolex Oh
but with my parents that we went half
and half you did a real family endeavor
and it's a big birthday for the rest of
their lives and and they'll be very
memorable and and there's a big day for
them yeah well no they already got their
presents though I didn't just ruin
well it's movies great and it comes out
on March 6 that's called onward tickets
are on sale now if you want to get them
Chris Pratt and Tom Holland everybody hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all
our latest videos click the subscribe
button and if you don't click anyway and
close your eyes when they come on